---
title: "Kiran Pratibha 2023"
date: 2023-05-08
featured_image:  /images/posts/pratibha2023.jpg
summary: Inviting applications for <b>Kiran Pratibha</b> Scholarship 2023. All young achievers, please note that June 15 2023, is the last date to your submit application. 
more: true
---

Kiran Foundation will offer scholarship and support to two exceptional but underprivileged kids in their endeavours of Education, Sports or Art according to their interest and abilities. Foundation will be offering active guidance and personalised mentoring along with Financial Support. The sole aim of foundation will be to make this kids capable and successful. 

Application is open now for the Scholarship. Here is the eligibility:
1. Child should have passed 8th Standard or have crossed age of 14
2. Child should have shown enormous potential in his/her field of interest
3. Monthly income of the Family should be less than Rs. 10,000.
Please send the application along with following detail:
1. Name, Address, Phone number etc. 
2. Name of mother and father and means of living
3. Date of birth, qualification of the kid
4. Why should this scholarship be given to the kid.
Please send following document along with the Application:
1. Attested photocopies of Last three years mark sheets.
2. Attested photocopies of certificates of achievements if any
3. Recommendation letter from two independent people associated with kid ( along with the phone number, email, address or the person Recommending)

If you know any such kid who is eligible and can benefit from this scholarship, please encourage them to apply. 
The Application can also be made online here. 

Last date for submitting the application is 31st March 2016. The students shortlisted for personal discussion will be intimated by phone before 30th May 2016. 